libseq - low discrepancy sequence library (version beta 04/021/01)
=========================================

This C++ library is an implementation of several low discrepancy sequences
accompanying the new techniques presented in the article Fast Generation
of Randomized Low Discrepancy Points Sets by Ilja Friedel and Alexander
Keller. In its curent version the library implements Latin Hypercube
sampling, the Halton sequence, digital sequences, randomized
(t,s)-sequences, and Latin supercube sampling.

Download 
--------

The central code of libseq was tested carefully (DigitalSequence*,
RandomizedTSSequence). Still the software is in its beta-release. Please
report any bugs and fixes to the authors.

libseq_beta_04.21.01.tar.gz   The complete C++ source code including the
                              reference manual.

For using this library you need a C++ compiler that knows 64 bit integers
(long long int). They are only used in very few places in the library,
however at key positions. Most of the code is 32 bits.

Storing Latin Hypercube point sets or Owen's randomized sequences is
memory intensive. We recommend at least 128 megabytes of main memory.
                        
Contact
-------

Ilja Friedel       ilja@cs.caltech.edu
Alexander Keller   keller@informatik.uni-kl.de
Website            http://www.multires.caltech.edu/software/libseq/

License 
-------
                   
Copyright © 1992-2001 by Alexander Keller, and Ilja Friedel. All rights
reserved. This software may be freely copied, modified, and redistributed
provided that this copyright notice is preserved on all copies. You may
not distribute this software, in whole or in part, as part of any
commercial product without the express consent of the authors. There is no
warranty or other guarantee of fitness of this software for any purpose.
It is provided solely "as is".

Acknowledgments 
---------------

The authors are especially thankful to Fred Hickernell and Harald
Niederreiter for their comments on the draft version of the article.


Copyright © 2001 Ilja Friedel and Alexander Keller 
